Q((1))
I need this financial assistance because I am from Egypt and because of the high exchange rate
In addition, I do not have a job that helps me pay the costs of this course, because I have a physical disability from my previous job. 
As my wife's salary is only enough for living requirements I will hardly be able to pay for this course.
And my ambition is to have my own source of income so that I can help the wife with the cost of living
It is very difficult for me to raise that amount of money to get the certificate. The financial aid will help me take this course without any negative impact on my monthly basic needs.
 So I am in dire need of this financial help, and I want to take this course because I want to learn the field of data analysis and data science.
And I want to complete the " Google Data Analytics Professional Certificate" . This course will enhance my work prospects after completing it. 
The certificate that I will obtain after completing this course will help me give me a strong competitive advantage in the labor market.
And I hope that you give me the chance. And finally I really thank you.







Q((2))
I plan to complete all assignments on or before times I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. 
Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to improve my learning immensely in the other online courses. 
I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.
I hope these reasons are enough I really thank you. So I need your help by giving me financial aid.
The course will help me study data analytics and also data sciences that help me work a freelance to earn money. 
I'll always participate in the discussion forms and help others with my knowledge. 
I will meet deadlines and will not hesitate to ask if there's something.
I don't understand The certificate would be a valuable thing for me because it'll help me get better job opportunities and start my career as fast as possible.
 I want to add to my CV in the future.  And finally I really thank you ..